:pencil: Add documentation for basic usage to README (#27)
beardgame/audio: README.md

Pull requests welcome.

## Installation

The `Bearded.Audio` package is available on NuGet.

## Getting started

The quickest way to get going is to take a look at the `Bearded.Audio.Example` project, which shows a working example of loading and playing a sound.

To make a sound play, there are a few steps that have to be done:

1. Load the sound data from a file into a sound buffer.
2. Create a source from which the sound can be played.
3. Enqueue the sound buffer into the source.
4. Play the source.

Before any audio-related code can be executed, the `AudioContext` needs to be initialized:

```cs
AudioContext.Initialize();
```

This will make sure there is an audio-device that can play the sounds. The `AudioContext` is a singleton, so you only need to initialize it once. However, note that the `AudioContext` uses the `ALContext` from OpenTK under the hood which is thread-specific. If you plan on using multiple threads in your game, make sure the `AudioContext` is initialized on the thread that is used to execute audio code.

> Next we need to load the audio data from a file into the sound buffers. A sound buffer is some reserved space on the sound card (similar to for example vertex buffers in graphics programmers). For this reason, loading the data to the buffer is split in two steps. First we load the audio data from a file into application memory, and then we write the data to the buffer. This separation can be useful because the total size of the buffers is limited. Decompression of the audio files may be slow, so by keeping the audio data fully uncompressed in memory makes sure audio is still ready to go when you need it, as copying to buffers is relatively fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we need to load the audio data from a file into the sound buffers. A sound buffer is some reserved space on the sound card (similar to, for example, vertex buffers in graphics programming). For this reason, loading the data to the buffer is split in two steps. First we load the audio data from a file into application memory, and then we write the data to the buffer. This separation can be useful because the total size of the buffers is limited. Decompression of the audio files may be slow, so by keeping the audio data fully uncompressed in memory we make sure audio is ready to go when you need it, as copying to buffers is relatively fast.
```

```cs
var data = SoundBufferData.FromWav("assets/pew.wav");
var buffer = new SoundBuffer(data);
```

The first line creates a wrapper object for the data just loaded. This data is immutable after loading. The second line makes the sound buffer. Under the hood this reserves enough buffer space to fit the data and copies it immediately. Buffers can be overwritten or filled over time, which can be useful for streaming audio.

> All sounds played through OpenAL come from a source. Sources can be given positions, velocities, and more to simulate a 3D environment. However, for most uses you don't need to engage with these. Creating a new source is simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sounds played through OpenAL come from a source. Sources can be given positions, velocities, and more to simulate a 3D environment. However, for most use cases you don't need to engage with these. Creating a new source is simple:
```

```cs
var source = new Source();
```

> Under the hood this will request a new source from OpenAL. Most implementations of OpenAL have a maximum number of sources, so it is recommended you use sources sparingly and dispose them whenever you are ready with them. You can use the `AudioConfig` to specify the maximum number of sources you want the library to allow. The library can choose to silently fail to prevent your application from crashing if more than the maximum number of sources are requested.

Reviewer: How do I get the maximum from OpenAL?

Author: There isn't a direct way of doing this as far as I'm aware. This appears to be fully dependent from the driver that is being used. I've reported #28 to get a better understanding of this problem.

> Under the hood this will request a new source from OpenAL. Most implementations of OpenAL have a maximum number of sources, so it is recommended you use sources sparingly and dispose them whenever you are ready with them. You can use the `AudioConfig` to specify the maximum number of sources you want the library to allow. The library can choose to silently fail to prevent your application from crashing if more than the maximum number of sources are requested.

Reviewer: > The library can choose

depending on what?

Author: Removed this section altogether pending investigation in #28. A quick Google search implies that source existence is fine... it's source playing that is the problem.

I also now believe the pattern of having a `MaxSources` in the `AudioConfig` is not actually desirable. I think we should not add that checking logic in this library, but instead support a `SourcePool` that keeps a fixed number of sources that can be reused (which would be the recommended way to use this library anyway).

The source keeps track of the number of buffers it has queued in total, and the number of buffers it has played. If those are the same, we know the source has no more buffers to play. At this point we can safely dispose it.

```cs
source.Dispose()
```

This will clean up a slot for a new source to be created. Alternatively, we can reuse the source. The `DequeueProcessedBuffers` will clear all the buffers already played from the source buffer queue:

```
source.DequeueProcessedBuffers();
```

This means we can reuse the dequeued buffers for new data or dispose them.

The total example could look something like:

```cs
AudioContext.Initialize();

var data = SoundBufferData.FromWav("assets/pew.wav");
var buffer = new SoundBuffer(data);

var source = new Source();
source.QueueBuffer(buffer);
source.Play();

while (!source.FinishedPlaying) {
    Thread.Sleep(100);
}

source.Dispose();
AudioContext.Instance.Dispose();
```

## Glossary

* `Listener`: entity in a virtual world that represents the properties of the person listening to the sounds. OpenAL only supports a single listener.
* `Source`: entity in a virtual world that can make sounds.

> * `Buffer`: space on the sound card or reserved for the software OpenAL implementation for audio data.

Reviewer: I was missing these definitions earlier, maybe they could be at the top? The definition of `Source` could also be a bit more specific, it's not entirely clear where it gets sounds from, or how it plays them, or.. how it all hangs together. Maybe having the definition refer to each other might help for a good overview?

Author: Updated
